	End-User License Agreement for MySQL Commercial Server

                      (Version 6, July 13, 2000)

	    Copyright (C) 2000, MySQL AB & MySQL Finland AB

       Stockholm SWEDEN, Helsingfors FINLAND and Uppsala SWEDEN

                         All rights reserved.

Definitions. This End-User License Agreement ("License") is a legal
agreement between you, either an individual or a single entity,
("Licensee") and MySQL AB, MySQL Finland AB and Detron HB ("Licensor")
for the software product identified above, which includes computer
software and may include associated media, printed materials, and
online or electronic documentation ("Software"). The Software also
includes any updates and supplements to the original Software product
provided to you by Licensor. Any software provided along with the
Software that is associated with a separate end-user license agreement
is licensed to you under the terms of that license agreement.

Agreement to the License. The Software is protected by copyright laws
and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual
property laws and treaties. The Software is licensed, not sold. If you
do not agree to the terms of this License, do not install or use the
Software. By installing, copying, modifying, downloading,
distributing, accessing or otherwise using the Software, you agree to
be bound by the following terms of this License:

1. Grant for Authorized Use of the Software

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable
right to use the Software in: - Installing. You may install copies of
the Software for authorized use on your computers, including
workstations, terminals and other digital electronic devices
("Computer"). - Single Computer use. You may only use the Software on
one Computer at a time regardless the number of Computers with
installed copies. This right covers any number of concurrent users,
CPUs and MySQL-servers with any number of copies running on one
Computer.

2. Description of Other Rights

Licensor grants no other rights to the Software except as expressly
set forth herein:

- Copying. You may not copy the Software unless copies or adaptations
  are meant for authorized use, archival purposes or when copying or
  adaptation is a necessary step in the authorized use of the Software.

- Distribution. You may not distribute the Software.

- Modifying. You may modify the Software but you must reproduce all
  copyright notices in the Software on all modified copies and
  adaptations.

- License transfer. You may resell or rent this License. If any
  modifications have been made to the Software, you must include a
  proper notification that the Software is modified.

- Support services. Licensor may provide you with support services
  related to the Software. Use and terms of support services are not
  governed in this License.

3. Term

This license is effective until terminated. Licensor has the
right to terminate your License immediately if you fail to comply with
any term of this License.

4. No Warranty

The Software is provided "as is". Licensor makes no warranties,
express or implied, arising from course of dealing or usage of trade,
or statutory, as to any matter whatsoever. In particular, any and all
warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or
non-infringement of third party rights are expressly excluded. The
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Software is with
you. If the Software proves defective, you assume all the cost of
necessary service, repair or correction.

5. Limited Liability

In no event will Licensor be liable to you for any consequential or
incidental damages, including any lost profits or lost savings, or for
any claim by any party, even if a Licensor representative has been
advised of the possibility of such damages. Some states do not allow
the exclusion or limitation of liability. Therefore, in any case, the
entire liability of Licensor under any provision of this License is
limited to the amount actually paid by you for the Software.

6. Governing Law and Jurisdiction

This License will be governed by the laws in force in
Sweden. Jurisdiction is with Tingsrätten of Stockholm, Sweden.

Should you have any questions concerning the validity of this License,
please contact: mysql-licensing@mysql.com.
